# Privacy Policy

Last updated: March 18, 2025

This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use, and disclosure of your information when you use the Service and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.

We use your personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the [Privacy Policy Generator](https://www.termsfeed.com/privacy-policy-generator/).

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or plural.

### Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **Account** means a unique account created for you to access our Service or parts of our Service.
- **Affiliate** means an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest, or other securities entitled to vote for the election of directors or other managing authority.
- **Application** refers to Money Map, the software program provided by the Company.
- **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us", or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Money Map.
- **Country** refers to: Turkey.
- **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone, or a digital tablet.
- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- **Service** refers to the Application.
- **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service, or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
- Usage Data

#### Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service. 

Usage Data may include information such as your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g., IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers, and other diagnostic data.

When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers, and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device.

### Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
- **To provide and maintain our Service**: including to monitor the usage of our Service.
- **To manage your Account**: to manage your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data you provide can give you access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to you as a registered user.
- **For the performance of a contract**: the development, compliance, and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items, or services you have purchased or of any other contract with us through the Service.
- **To contact you**: To contact you by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products, or contracted services.
- **To provide you with news, special offers, and general information** about other goods, services, and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information.
- **To manage your requests**: To attend and manage your requests to us.
- **For business transfers**: We may use your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding.
- **For other purposes**: We may use your information for data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing, and your experience.

## Retention of Your Personal Data

The Company will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us:

- By visiting this page on our website: [GitHub - Money Map](https://github.com/mahnuser/moneyMap)
